---
title: Cannabis
url: https://www.berkley.com/business-insurance/cannabis
date: '2026-02-04'
author: Anonymous
feed_url: http://www.wrberkley.com/rss.xml
---
Cannabis Anonymous (not verified) Wed, 02/04/2026 - 09:14 Home Cannabis Business Insurance The cannabis industry operates in a fast‑moving and highly complex landscape, with laws varying widely across states. To navigate this complexity, cannabis businesses need more than basic coverage—they need a stable insurance partner with deep specialization and a clear understanding of their unique exposures. Berkley delivers the financial strength, tailored solutions, and industry expertise required to protect operators across the entire supply chain, helping them stay compliant and confident. Your trusted cannabis business insurance partner As your trusted cannabis business insurance partner, Berkley brings the financial strength, niche‑market specialization, and deep intellectual capital needed to navigate this rapidly evolving industry. Our experienced underwriting, claims, and risk management professionals understand the unique exposures cannabis businesses face—whether operating in medical or recreational markets where cannabis is legal—and are dedicated to tailoring insurance and risk mitigation solutions that protect your operations at every stage. With Berkley, you gain a stable, knowledgeable partner committed to helping your business stay compliant, resilient, and positioned for long‑term success. How we can protect your cannabis business Berkley understands the complex exposures facing the legal cannabis industry and provides tailored coverage to help safeguard your business at every stage. From protecting business owned property and equipment to covering work related injuries and defending against product related claims, our solutions are designed to reduce your exposure to costly defense, settlement, and medical expenses. With the right insurance partner, you can focus on growing your operations confidently in a rapidly evolving marketplace. General Liability Product Liability Product Recall Crime and Fidelity Cannabis Budtenders Professional Liability Vape Device Hired & Non-owned Auto Additional coverages available for dispensaries include: Property Workers Compensation Employment Practices Liability View All Entities Expertise in a variety of cannabis businesses The cannabis market is diverse, and each segment faces unique risks. Berkley brings specialized expertise to protect businesses across the entire supply chain—from cultivators and growers to processors, manufacturers, and extractors. Our tailored solutions help safeguard your operations, ensuring compliance and financial security in this dynamic industry. Cultivators and growers Processors, manufacturers, and extractors Wholesalers and distributors Dispensary operators and lounges with and without onsite consumption Explore with our locator tool Search for the right Berkley business using our advanced search tool. Click on the button to get started. View Businesses Find your Berkley cannabis insurance partner Discover which Berkley insurance business may be right for your cannabis business insurance needs. Use the arrows to explore and connect with the Berkley team that best fits your needs. Tailored coverage our clients trust We certainly do appreciate the strategic partnership with the CWG team! We’ve had many different carriers over the decades for liability and CWG has by far been the best and most professional company we have worked with. I’m not one to give out compliments, but I have been really impressed with how the CWG team operates – CWG really stands head and shoulders above the competition – by far!! – Tom M, CWG Customer Thank you again for taking the time to come out and connect with my team. The insight offered was truly valuable to both Barry and myself. I just wanted to follow up with you and let you know that we have incorporated your recommendations into our safety plan to make it the new norm on our end. We are going to start a bidding process for the nurse hotline to see which will make the most sense for us. Thank you again. – Ryan P., Berkley Renewable Energy Customer BEST and most consistent claims reps that we work with! I believe adjusters are lost in the shuffle because it’s hard to quantify their value, but you guys have some of the best adjusters in the business. – Andy, Risk Advisor from southern agency Message to Tracy, BMAG Auto PD Claims Representative:  I just wanted to thank all of you! This has been the smoothest and easiest instance I have had with any bodyshop/insurance company. I have had a couple of fender bender repairs in my driving history. Most small like this one, but this has been the best coordination I have ever had. THANK YOU!!! – Kim R., Berkley Mid-Atlantic Customer CWG Berkley Renewable Berkley Industrial Berkley Mid-Atlantic Card Image Icon
