---
title: Non-Profit & Human Services
url: https://www.berkley.com/business-insurance/non-profit
date: '2026-01-16'
author: Anonymous
feed_url: http://www.wrberkley.com/rss.xml
---
Non-Profit & Human Services Anonymous (not verified) Fri, 01/16/2026 - 15:42 Home Non-Profit & Human Services Insurance Human services organizations play a vital role in supporting individuals and families, often under complex and demanding circumstances. Whether your organization operates as a non-profit or for-profit, you face unique challenges—from safeguarding those you serve to ensuring the well-being of employees and volunteers. Having the right insurance coverage isn’t just a safety net—it’s peace of mind. Decades of experience in human services insurance At Berkley, we’ve spent decades partnering with non-profit and for-profit social service and charitable organizations to protect what matters most. Our deep understanding of the unique risks in human services—ranging from evolving regulatory challenges to operational vulnerabilities—allows us to anticipate emerging threats and craft insurance solutions tailored to your organization’s needs. With Berkley, you gain more than coverage—you gain a trusted advisor committed to helping you safeguard your mission and the people you serve. Types of organizations we serve Human services organizations come in many forms, each with its own mission and challenges. At Berkley, we understand the diverse needs of these organizations and provide tailored insurance solutions to help protect their people, programs, and purpose. Our expertise spans a wide range of services, including: Boys & Girls Clubs Community Action Programs Day Activity Centers and Job Training Programs Group Homes Residential programs for the developmentally disabled Senior and assisted living programs YMCAs & YWCAs View All Entities How Berkley helps protect organizations that help others In today’s increasingly litigious environment, non-profits and human services organizations need comprehensive property and casualty insurance more than ever. Berkley provides tailored coverage and proactive risk management solutions to safeguard your mission and the people you serve. We help protect your organization against risks such as litigation related to services, employee safety concerns, and volunteer management. Beyond coverage, we offer access to robust risk management tools and resources, including Safety Source, SafetyFirst, Cyber Risk Management Portal, Risk Management Center, and a library of relevant articles to keep you informed. Our wide range of insurance coverages include: General Liability Directors & Officers Professional Liability Property Workers Compensation Abuse & Molestation Auto Crime Cyber Employment Practices Liability Excess/Umbrella Fiduciary Inland Marine Explore with our locator tool Search for the right Berkley business using our advanced search tool. Click on the button to get started. View Businesses Find your insurance partner for your non-profit and human services needs Explore which Berkley business is the best fit for your non-profit and human services insurance coverage needs. Use the arrows to browse options and connect with the team that’s right for you. Tailored coverage our clients trust We certainly do appreciate the strategic partnership with the CWG team! We’ve had many different carriers over the decades for liability and CWG has by far been the best and most professional company we have worked with. I’m not one to give out compliments, but I have been really impressed with how the CWG team operates – CWG really stands head and shoulders above the competition – by far!! – Tom M, CWG Customer Thank you again for taking the time to come out and connect with my team. The insight offered was truly valuable to both Barry and myself. I just wanted to follow up with you and let you know that we have incorporated your recommendations into our safety plan to make it the new norm on our end. We are going to start a bidding process for the nurse hotline to see which will make the most sense for us. Thank you again. – Ryan P., Berkley Renewable Energy Customer BEST and most consistent claims reps that we work with! I believe adjusters are lost in the shuffle because it’s hard to quantify their value, but you guys have some of the best adjusters in the business. – Andy, Risk Advisor from southern agency Message to Tracy, BMAG Auto PD Claims Representative:  I just wanted to thank all of you! This has been the smoothest and easiest instance I have had with any bodyshop/insurance company. I have had a couple of fender bender repairs in my driving history. Most small like this one, but this has been the best coordination I have ever had. THANK YOU!!! – Kim R., Berkley Mid-Atlantic Customer CWG Berkley Renewable Berkley Industrial Berkley Mid-Atlantic Card Image Icon
