---
title: Hospitality & Leisure
url: https://www.berkley.com/business-insurance/hospitality
date: '2026-01-07'
author: Anonymous
feed_url: http://www.wrberkley.com/rss.xml
---
Hospitality & Leisure Anonymous (not verified) Wed, 01/07/2026 - 16:56 Home Hospitality & Leisure Insurance Protect your business from the unexpected. Whether you operate hotels, restaurants, entertainment venues, or accommodation services, hospitality and leisure insurance provides essential coverage tailored to your unique risks. From natural disasters and fire to theft, vandalism, and third-party liability claims, our solutions help safeguard your property, your people, and your reputation—so you can focus on delivering exceptional guest experiences. Specialists in hospitality & leisure exposures In today’s highly competitive hospitality and leisure industry, risk management is more than a necessity—it’s a strategic advantage. Berkley combines deep sector expertise with a proven track record in underwriting, claims handling, and proactive risk management to deliver solutions that go beyond standard coverage. Our team understands the unique challenges faced by hotels, restaurants, entertainment venues, and leisure businesses. From liability concerns and property protection to emerging risks like cyber threats, we tailor insurance programs to safeguard your assets, reputation, and operations. With Berkley, you gain a partner committed to helping your business thrive—offering responsive claims support, innovative risk mitigation strategies, and coverage designed to keep you ahead of the curve. Types of businesses we serve Our hospitality and leisure expertise spans a wide range of businesses, including but are not limited to: Camps, Outfitters & Guides: Fishing, cross-country skiing, hunting, hiking, kayaking, canoeing, and more Entertainment: Amusement devices and attractions, nightclubs, theaters, museums, art exhibits, zoos, and beyond Exercise, health, and Tanning Studios: Fitness centers and wellness facilities Golf courses Hotels, Motels & Resorts: Bed and breakfast inns, resorts, and vacation rentals Restaurants & Food Services: Bars, caterers, delis, fine dining, fast food, hookah lounges, and food trucks Special Events: Trade shows, holiday festivals, parades, conventions, family celebrations, hayrides, haunted houses, concerts, soap box derbies, bazaars, and farm shows View All Entities Helping protect hospitality & leisure businesses In the dynamic world of hospitality and leisure, even a single unexpected event can disrupt operations and damage your reputation. Berkley provides more than insurance—we deliver confidence. Our dedicated claims team offers responsive, hands-on support with onsite investigations, litigation management, fraud prevention, subrogation, return-to-work solutions, and incident analysis. Beyond claims, our proactive risk management services equip you with educational resources and practical tools to help mitigate risks and reduce losses—empowering your business to operate safely and thrive. Our hospitality and leisure insurance coverages include: General Liability Liquor Liability Property Business Interruption & Extra Expense Equipment Breakdown Umbrella/Excess Liability Commercial Auto Workers Compensation Crime Explore with our locator tool Search for the right Berkley business using our advanced search tool. Click on the button to get started. View Businesses Find your Berkley hospitality & leisure insurance partner Explore which Berkley business is the best fit for your hospitality and leisure insurance coverage needs. Use the arrows to browse options and connect with the team that’s right for you. Tailored coverage our clients trust We certainly do appreciate the strategic partnership with the CWG team! We’ve had many different carriers over the decades for liability and CWG has by far been the best and most professional company we have worked with. I’m not one to give out compliments, but I have been really impressed with how the CWG team operates – CWG really stands head and shoulders above the competition – by far!! – Tom M, CWG Customer Thank you again for taking the time to come out and connect with my team. The insight offered was truly valuable to both Barry and myself. I just wanted to follow up with you and let you know that we have incorporated your recommendations into our safety plan to make it the new norm on our end. We are going to start a bidding process for the nurse hotline to see which will make the most sense for us. Thank you again. – Ryan P., Berkley Renewable Energy Customer BEST and most consistent claims reps that we work with! I believe adjusters are lost in the shuffle because it’s hard to quantify their value, but you guys have some of the best adjusters in the business. – Andy, Risk Advisor from southern agency Message to Tracy, BMAG Auto PD Claims Representative:  I just wanted to thank all of you! This has been the smoothest and easiest instance I have had with any bodyshop/insurance company. I have had a couple of fender bender repairs in my driving history. Most small like this one, but this has been the best coordination I have ever had. THANK YOU!!! – Kim R., Berkley Mid-Atlantic Customer CWG Berkley Renewable Berkley Industrial Berkley Mid-Atlantic Card Image Icon
