---
title: Public Entity
url: https://www.berkley.com/business-insurance/public-entities
date: '2026-01-16'
author: Anonymous
feed_url: http://www.wrberkley.com/rss.xml
---
Public Entity Anonymous (not verified) Fri, 01/16/2026 - 16:36 Home Public Entity Insurance Public entities play a vital role in serving communities and ensuring public safety. From emergency response to road design and maintenance, recreational programs, and managing public exposure, these organizations face unique challenges every day. The right insurance coverage isn’t just important—it’s essential for protecting resources, mitigating risks, and enabling public entities to deliver their mission with confidence. Public entity insurance specialists At Berkley, we recognize the critical role public entities play in serving and protecting their communities. These organizations face complex responsibilities—from maintaining infrastructure to ensuring public safety—and need an insurance partner who truly understands those challenges. As your trusted partner, we go beyond standard coverage by delivering innovative, tailored solutions backed by deep expertise in risk management, underwriting, and claims handling. Our goal is simple: to help you safeguard your mission, manage evolving risks, and maintain the confidence to serve your community effectively. Types of entities we serve We proudly partner with a wide range of public entities, including: County & Municipal Governments Municipalities Parks and Recreation Districts Public Transit Systems Public Utilities View All Entities How Berkley helps protect public entities Public entities face unique daily risks—from maintaining infrastructure and public safety to running schools and community programs. Berkley delivers specialized insurance solutions designed to safeguard these critical responsibilities. We support counties, municipalities, school districts, and other public entities, as well as provide reinsurance for risk-sharing groups, pools, and trusts. When claims arise, our experienced team offers responsive, sector‑specific expertise. Our products can be written on a primary, excess, or reinsurance basis and include: General Liability Public Officials Professional Miscellaneous Professional Law Enforcement Professional Educators Legal Liability Automobile Workers’ Compensation Excess Liability Employment Practices Liability Cyber Sexual Abuse and Molestation Liability Property Berkley’s risk management services We offer risk management services to help mitigate losses and minimize risk to your finances and reputation, if a claim occurs.  Our risk management services include: Employment Law Consultation Interactive School Safety Program School Bus Safety Training Customized Risk Management Programs View All Entities Explore with our locator tool View Businesses Find your Berkley partner for your public entity insurance needs Explore which Berkley business is the best fit for your public entity insurance coverage needs. Use the arrows to browse options and connect with the team that’s right for you. Tailored coverage our clients trust We certainly do appreciate the strategic partnership with the CWG team! We’ve had many different carriers over the decades for liability and CWG has by far been the best and most professional company we have worked with. I’m not one to give out compliments, but I have been really impressed with how the CWG team operates – CWG really stands head and shoulders above the competition – by far!! – Tom M, CWG Customer Thank you again for taking the time to come out and connect with my team. The insight offered was truly valuable to both Barry and myself. I just wanted to follow up with you and let you know that we have incorporated your recommendations into our safety plan to make it the new norm on our end. We are going to start a bidding process for the nurse hotline to see which will make the most sense for us. Thank you again. – Ryan P., Berkley Renewable Energy Customer BEST and most consistent claims reps that we work with! I believe adjusters are lost in the shuffle because it’s hard to quantify their value, but you guys have some of the best adjusters in the business. – Andy, Risk Advisor from southern agency Message to Tracy, BMAG Auto PD Claims Representative:  I just wanted to thank all of you! This has been the smoothest and easiest instance I have had with any bodyshop/insurance company. I have had a couple of fender bender repairs in my driving history. Most small like this one, but this has been the best coordination I have ever had. THANK YOU!!! – Kim R., Berkley Mid-Atlantic Customer CWG Berkley Renewable Berkley Industrial Berkley Mid-Atlantic Card Image Icon
