---
title: Museums & Art Galleries
url: https://www.berkley.com/business-insurance/museum-art-gallery
date: '2026-01-13'
author: Anonymous
feed_url: http://www.wrberkley.com/rss.xml
---
Museums & Art Galleries Anonymous (not verified) Tue, 01/13/2026 - 16:23 Home Insurance for Museums & Art Galleries Museums and art galleries safeguard priceless artifacts, fine art, and other high-value assets. Protecting these treasures requires exceptional insurance and risk management solutions designed to preserve their integrity and value. Museum and art gallery insurance specialists At Berkley, we understand the unique risks museums and art galleries face in protecting priceless collections and cultural treasures. Our tailored solutions go beyond standard coverage, offering global protection against financial loss and expert risk consulting to proactively identify vulnerabilities before they become costly claims. With Berkley, you gain a trusted partner committed to safeguarding your institution’s legacy. Types of entities we serve Berkley offers a wide range of products and services to museum and art gallery entities including, but not limited to: Museums Art Galleries Private Art Dealers Historical Societies Exhibitions Colleges and Universities Artist Foundations Trusts and LLCs View All Entities How Berkley helps protect museums and art galleries Safeguarding your institution requires more than basic coverage—it demands comprehensive protection for every aspect of your operations. Berkley offers tailored insurance solutions designed to protect your collections, facilities, employees, and visitors. Whether your assets are on display, in transit, or in storage, we help ensure they remain secure. Our coverages include: Business Owners Policy Business Travel Accident Commercial Auto Commercial Property Crime and Employee Dishonesty Cyber Liability Directors & Officers Liability Employee Benefits Liability Employee Practices Liability Event Cancellation General Liability Host Liquor Liability Kidnap and Ransom Professional Errors & Omissions Liability Umbrella Workers Compensation How Berkley helps protect museums and art galleries Our exceptional risk management professionals can help to identify and mitigate potential risks that could result in claims.  Berkley’s complimentary services are designed to safeguard your assets and ensure peace of mind, including but not limited to: Storage facility surveys Art schedule reviews and comparable analysis Shipping and packing guidance Disaster planning Safe and vault recommendations View All Entities Explore with our locator tool View Businesses Find your specialized museum or art gallery insurance partner Explore which Berkley business is the best fit for your museum or art gallery insurance coverage needs. Use the arrows to browse options and connect with the team that’s right for you. Tailored coverage our clients trust We certainly do appreciate the strategic partnership with the CWG team! We’ve had many different carriers over the decades for liability and CWG has by far been the best and most professional company we have worked with. I’m not one to give out compliments, but I have been really impressed with how the CWG team operates – CWG really stands head and shoulders above the competition – by far!! – Tom M, CWG Customer Thank you again for taking the time to come out and connect with my team. The insight offered was truly valuable to both Barry and myself. I just wanted to follow up with you and let you know that we have incorporated your recommendations into our safety plan to make it the new norm on our end. We are going to start a bidding process for the nurse hotline to see which will make the most sense for us. Thank you again. – Ryan P., Berkley Renewable Energy Customer BEST and most consistent claims reps that we work with! I believe adjusters are lost in the shuffle because it’s hard to quantify their value, but you guys have some of the best adjusters in the business. – Andy, Risk Advisor from southern agency Message to Tracy, BMAG Auto PD Claims Representative:  I just wanted to thank all of you! This has been the smoothest and easiest instance I have had with any bodyshop/insurance company. I have had a couple of fender bender repairs in my driving history. Most small like this one, but this has been the best coordination I have ever had. THANK YOU!!! – Kim R., Berkley Mid-Atlantic Customer CWG Berkley Renewable Berkley Industrial Berkley Mid-Atlantic Card Image Icon
