---
title: Habitational
url: https://www.berkley.com/business-insurance/habitational-risk
date: '2026-01-07'
author: Anonymous
feed_url: http://www.wrberkley.com/rss.xml
---
Habitational Anonymous (not verified) Wed, 01/07/2026 - 16:05 Home Habitational Insurance Protect your property—and your peace of mind. As a commercial property owner or landlord of apartments, condominiums, or multi-unit dwellings, you face unique risks every day. Habitational insurance provides essential coverage against third-party injury claims and property damage caused by fire, severe weather, theft, and more—helping you safeguard your investment and keep your tenants secure. Expertise in habitational risk exposures Berkley brings deep industry knowledge and proven expertise to deliver coverage solutions for a wide range of habitational risks. Our dedicated team of underwriters, claims specialists, and risk management professionals work tirelessly to help you manage exposures, reduce potential losses, and create safer environments for residents and property owners alike. Types of properties for which we can provide insurance Apartments Dwellings Condominium or Townhouse Associations Student Housing Boarding or Rooming Houses Subsidized Housing Halfway Houses and Shelters Duplexes, 3- and 4-family Dwellings Mixed-use Apartments (retail/habitational) Luxury Condominiums and Co-Ops View All Entities Providing peace of mind for habitational businesses Managing habitational properties comes with unique risks—and preparation is key. A strong risk management program, including electrical and sprinkler system evaluations, life safety measures, and disaster readiness training, helps protect your assets and reputation. When the unexpected happens, our expert claims team is ready to respond with the guidance and support you need most. Our habitational insurance products include: General Liability Property Business Interruption & Extra Expense Equipment Breakdown Umbrella/Excess Liability Workers Compensation Commercial Auto Crime Cyber Explore with our locator tool View Businesses Find your Berkley habitational insurance partner Explore which Berkley business is the best fit for your habitational insurance coverage needs. Use the arrows to browse options and connect with the team that’s right for you. Tailored coverage our clients trust We certainly do appreciate the strategic partnership with the CWG team! We’ve had many different carriers over the decades for liability and CWG has by far been the best and most professional company we have worked with. I’m not one to give out compliments, but I have been really impressed with how the CWG team operates – CWG really stands head and shoulders above the competition – by far!! – Tom M, CWG Customer Thank you again for taking the time to come out and connect with my team. The insight offered was truly valuable to both Barry and myself. I just wanted to follow up with you and let you know that we have incorporated your recommendations into our safety plan to make it the new norm on our end. We are going to start a bidding process for the nurse hotline to see which will make the most sense for us. Thank you again. – Ryan P., Berkley Renewable Energy Customer BEST and most consistent claims reps that we work with! I believe adjusters are lost in the shuffle because it’s hard to quantify their value, but you guys have some of the best adjusters in the business. – Andy, Risk Advisor from southern agency Message to Tracy, BMAG Auto PD Claims Representative:  I just wanted to thank all of you! This has been the smoothest and easiest instance I have had with any bodyshop/insurance company. I have had a couple of fender bender repairs in my driving history. Most small like this one, but this has been the best coordination I have ever had. THANK YOU!!! – Kim R., Berkley Mid-Atlantic Customer CWG Berkley Renewable Berkley Industrial Berkley Mid-Atlantic Card Image Icon
