---
title: Life Sciences
url: https://www.berkley.com/business-insurance/life-sciences
date: '2026-01-13'
author: Anonymous
feed_url: http://www.wrberkley.com/rss.xml
---
Life Sciences Anonymous (not verified) Tue, 01/13/2026 - 15:41 Home Life Sciences Insurance Life sciences companies—spanning pharmaceuticals, biotech, medical devices, and more—drive breakthroughs that improve lives. But with high stakes come high risks. Specialized insurance solutions protect these businesses from costly setbacks, ensuring they can keep advancing science with confidence—safeguarding your innovation. Specialized expertise in life sciences insurance At Berkley, we understand that life sciences companies operate in a world of constant innovation—and complex risk. Our specialists are dedicated exclusively to this industry with professionals who bring deep knowledge of the unique challenges faced by pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical device, and related organizations, both in the U.S. and globally. We go beyond standard coverage. By combining industry insight with innovative thinking, we design tailored insurance solutions that address your specific exposures—from product liability and clinical trials to global operations and supply chain risks. Our approach includes proactive risk management strategies to help you minimize vulnerabilities and protect your business at every stage of growth. Types of businesses we serve Berkley offers a wide range of products and services to life sciences companies including, but not limited to: Pharmaceuticals: Bioengineering, Biotechnology, Contract Manufacturing Services, Distributors, Manufacturers, and Pharmaceuticals Medical & Dental Devices: Medical Components, Product Distributors, and Related Software Research & Development: Contract Research Services, Drug Discovery Technology, For-Profit & Nonprofit Research, Health and Bioinformatics, and University & Hospital Clinical Trials Supplements: Cosmetic Drugs, Dietary Supplements, and Medical Food View All Entities Helping protect your life sciences business Berkley offers specialized life sciences insurance products and risk management solutions specifically designed for life sciences clients of all sizes including Fortune 1000 companies. Our products include the following: General Liability Product Liability Clinical Trial Liability Errors and Omissions Cyber Product Shortage Batch Coverage Governmental Loss Liability Medical Monitoring Recall Exception for Implants Property Commercial Auto Foreign Clinical Trials Global Personnel Protection Political Risk Umbrella and Excess Liability Explore with our locator tool Search for the right Berkley business using our advanced search tool. Click on the button to get started. View Businesses Helping protect your life sciences business Berkley offers specialized life sciences insurance products and risk management solutions specifically designed for life sciences clients of all sizes including Fortune 1000 companies. Our products include the following: Tailored coverage our clients trust We certainly do appreciate the strategic partnership with the CWG team! We’ve had many different carriers over the decades for liability and CWG has by far been the best and most professional company we have worked with. I’m not one to give out compliments, but I have been really impressed with how the CWG team operates – CWG really stands head and shoulders above the competition – by far!! – Tom M, CWG Customer Thank you again for taking the time to come out and connect with my team. The insight offered was truly valuable to both Barry and myself. I just wanted to follow up with you and let you know that we have incorporated your recommendations into our safety plan to make it the new norm on our end. We are going to start a bidding process for the nurse hotline to see which will make the most sense for us. Thank you again. – Ryan P., Berkley Renewable Energy Customer BEST and most consistent claims reps that we work with! I believe adjusters are lost in the shuffle because it’s hard to quantify their value, but you guys have some of the best adjusters in the business. – Andy, Risk Advisor from southern agency Message to Tracy, BMAG Auto PD Claims Representative:  I just wanted to thank all of you! This has been the smoothest and easiest instance I have had with any bodyshop/insurance company. I have had a couple of fender bender repairs in my driving history. Most small like this one, but this has been the best coordination I have ever had. THANK YOU!!! – Kim R., Berkley Mid-Atlantic Customer CWG Berkley Renewable Berkley Industrial Berkley Mid-Atlantic Card Image Icon
